all right I'm down here at runway aid
and alpha
do we use collapse to pick up please
watch throttle do you use but throttled
right yes sir you say I just use the one
thing yoke ok of a throttle on your yoke
okay well I'm going to run the power up
to fifty percent of my phys all my power
calls are based on percentages of the
physical throttle so it should correlate
to rpms across any throttle but we'll
have to check that I'm running it up to
50 right now there's fifty percent
throttle and it looks like it's about 76
77 percent rpm do you confirm
my autopilot was on
right that'll do it I'm in a right hand
turn looking for right downwind
departure okay I'll
left turn norma
but a more rolling pull
let's push the power up to sixty percent
throttle there 60 power set that's a
little over eighty percent rpm
ease in it forward forward and rolling
out
all right left turn good we're going to
roll to the left and I have to climb up
on my wing
and the turns a little bit of role and
pull you want to keep that same position
you're in
throughout the turn here we go rolling
left and Roland
steady roll a little bit of pull
get back in your drifting wide so bank
into me don't get low either keep
pulling you're getting low on the wing
let me just follow me just yep I'll
still try to fly formation is why Blues
trail
I was coming back and in the break
he's on it forward here
easing it forward speed brakes are out
yeah visual yeah it's no magic
slowing down out 240 knots
turning base
crossing that dirt road if you've got
that
don't sink
like the Hornet down